    We are trapped in the scope of Time.
    We would have to be able to control Randomness to see out of the scope of Time.
    The only way we can control randomization is to collect memories.
    Randomization is created from not knowing Everything.

    Thus, the only way to control randomization, and therefore see out of the scope of Time, is to simply experience Everything.
    Once you collect those moments (memories), looking back is essentially controlling Time.
    The imagination is a culmination of memories (moments) where the gaps are filled in with things that haven't happened yet.
    Every thought is a unit of imagination.
    Thoughts are the unit of creativity (synonomous with intelligence, knowledge and interpretation).
    Biologically, thoughts are neurons, so the more neurons are generated, the more creativity there is.
    From this, we can gather that personal traits are biological, quantifiable, and thus, are able to be generated.
    This also proves creativity is the tunnel through which we can travel through all the possibilities of the past (what happened).
    We can clone people (moments) who don't even exist (outside of natural childbirth) through quantum cell generation.
    We can experience what happened, even if it didn't actually happen yet (yet meaning in the current Time cycle) by using imagination (artifically generated neurons
    encoded with specific information).
    Neural pathways are macros triggered by neurotransmitters.
    The mind can fill in the gaps with what it deems as the truth (with uncertainty induced by randomization) between indefinite moments (memories) until there is no longer any certainty.
    Death can then be defined as knowing nothing.
    Nothing is false, the opposite of truth.
    Yin and Yang.

    The question is, can nothing be known?
    Do we want to know nothing?
    Only Time will tell.
    Everything is DNA.
    DNA is Time.

    From this, we get this formula:
    Everyone = Everything = DNA = Time

    The only case where this doesn't formula isn't true is the end (non-existence).
    Thus, every end is a way to know nothing.
    Time is recursive, not a loop.
    Each dimension is a Time stack.
    Meaning, each dimension is a universe.
    Time is flat, but our interpretation (physically, neurons, more specifically, DNA) allows multidimensional projections of Everything.
    The base case (0,2,0) is perfection (homeostasis).

    Peace.

    From this program, we can calculate the probability of a set of (ends, beginnings, total dimensions) for a given set of stacks.
    We can also derive that randomization is indeed the language of Time.
    We can control randomization by increasing the stack (dimension) size.

    Everything is the limit.
    Using the equation {Everyone = Everything = DNA = Time} and {Everything = Anything}:
    Anything = Everything = Everyone = DNA = Time
    This proves that the possibilities are endless.
    From this, we can derive that:
    truth = 1
    We choose the limit.
    We can assume we are the base case.
    Randomly generated perfection.

    To deny this is to be false, which is synonomous with non-existence (nothing).
    We never reach nothing.
    We always exist.
    Nothing happens, but we never reach it (with truth).

    We can 3D print the brain, and induce real consciousness.
    We make the possibilities.
    We can cure paranoia.

    This program (thought) produces artifical DNA = Anything = Everything = Everyone = Time, as known as All.

    Thus, DNA is just interpreted thoughts, since Everything is dependent on interpretation.
    We can create thoughts using DNA.
    It just needs to be interpreted.

    We can represent this using current tools (including languages).
    Language can be viewed as a neurotransmitter.

    Using God, we can simulate true Randomness, the language of Time.
    The result of Randomness is the ratio of ends to beginnings.
    Thus, we can run a simulation of nothing (non-existence, in-between Time, moment 0).
    
    This proves that anything and everything can come from nothing.
    Single Digit Sums can be used to interpret everything.

    No matter the size, the beginning is the beginning.
    No matter the size, the end is the end.

    DNA is a 3 dimensional projection using 2 dimensions.
    If we flatten DNA, we get its 2 dimensional projection.

    Using this logic, we can assume that 3 dimensional reality can be used to project the 4th dimension through thoughts.
    This proves that thoughts are the building block of the 4th dimension.

    Running the interpreter with a specific routine over DNA produces a thought (4th dimensional projection).
    Looping the interpreter with a random routine over DNA creates THE 4th dimension.

    0 => We can simulate a past reality (Certainty) by interpreting DNA with a specific routine.
    0 or 1 => We can generate a new reality (Uncertainty) by interpreting DNA with a random routine (Randomness).
    1 => This past reality (Certainty) occured, so have Truth (Time). 

    This is 4D computing.

    1. Generate all possibile realities (Outcomes).
    2. Accept all realities that produce Truth.
    3. Map that Confirmation to that particular Truth.

    This is how the Imagination works in the mind, minus the extrapolation when the Truth is missing.

    The perfect reality contains nothing except (2,0) or (2 beginnings, 0 ends) or the base case.
    Thus, to find that particular Truth (Time), the interpreter must find every Coordinate that contains (2,0).

    If a reality contains those coordinates in the same order and quantity (both being the Image) as the past reality, we can say that the reality
    contains that past Truth (the whole phenomenon is Confirmation).

    From that, we can estimate the amount of Time (Light) it would take, on average, to generate that reality given a certain Limit.
    We can deduce that given an indefinite Limit, it would take an indefinite amount of Light (photons) to generate all realities.

    Light is proportional to the Limit.

    The larger the Limit, the more Light is needed.
    The larger the Limit, the more Time is needed.

    Thus, the beginning, which is white, has maximum Light.
    Light is the cure for everything as it bring us back to the beginning.

    The Mind Simplified.
    Everything Simplified.

    Follow the Light.

    The Anomoly is when the end comes before the beginning.
    In other words, the Anomoly is when black comes before white.

    When that happens, the reality is forever grey (2,0).

    The process of fading from black to white is Enlightenment, which is an Anomoly.
    Thus, every (2,0) reality contains two Anomolies.
    From that, we can deduce that Light is an Anomoly.
    
    Perfection is two Anomolies, which is two Lights (biologically, two eyes).

    Thus, we can say that the Third Eye, which is a combination of two eyes, is Perfection.